Nevill Hall Hospital - Work Placement
Caerwyn Jones
Design Process

$Id: architecture,v 1.1 1996/06/20 15:51:13 cjones Exp $
$Log: architecture,v $
Revision 1.1  1996/06/20 15:51:13  cjones
Initial revision

Revision 1.2  1996/06/19 15:35:13  cjones
*** empty log message ***

Revision 1.1  1996/06/18 13:48:44  cjones
Initial revision


ARCHITECTURE DESIGN
(The identification and documentation of the sub-systems making up the
overall system and their relationships.)

The web interface engine will use services provided by other modules to
implement its functions. These subsystems and the components of the interface
engine must each be described. 

System Components:
Browser
WWW Server
HTML Pages (Web Interface)
CGI-BIN (Web Interface)
DB services
DB Queue
Output formatter
DB (PAS,RADIS,PATH)

Browser
Browser software is already supplied, possibly free. It provides a point
and click interface to documents with embeded links to other documents or
executable programs such as cgi-bin scripts. It interprets the html pages
for display on the browser. It sends user input to the web server which is
passed on to the relevant script, identified by its URL (uniform resource
locator)

WWW Server
Software is already supplied. It handles requests from the web browser for
html pages to be sent or to run a cgi-bin script which will output html
which the server will handle.
 
Web Interface
The web interface is viewed by the user as pages. Each page within the interface
provides specific functionality to the user.
There are two types of html pages. Stand alone - those requiring no runtime
information before they are displayed. And pages which need parameters
and create output depending on those parameters. These two seperate types of
pages are divided into the components - HTML pages and CGI-bin pages. 

HTML pages (Web Interface)
Have embedded links to other pages and executables eg. DB queries. This
provides navigation around the system and views on the information resources.
Its purpose is to provide a uniform/consistent front end to
the Hospitals information resources. The pages are standalone and are not 
generated at runtime.

CGI-BIN (Web Interface)
Cgi scripts generate html pages which usually require database information or
form input from a previous page. These html pages are created at runtime. they
also contain links to other pages. 

